Hi, Connie.
It's Jill.
I wanted to tell you what's up.
We are in the process of hiring three new interviewers to replace you because we can't seem to find any one person we're really happy with who has the time to take over everything.
And so I think we are at a point where we can just relieve you of all of the responsibilities on the project.
And I want to talk to you in person, too, and I was hoping I'd catch you, but I at least wanted to leave you a message
to give you a sense of what to do with all of the project material so that at least you'd have a chance to get started on that.
What we would like, if you could please send Shirley or me, it can come, actually it probably should come in my name, all of anything you have that has to do with logs of who was interviewed when, notes you have on the cases, everything except interview schedules.
should come to me.
And also one thing is we're sort of hoping that you might have time to ship the answering machine to us within the next week or so if you possibly had time.
I know we're asking you on short notice, but once we realized that we were, which we only realized a few days ago, we're going to have to hire three people.
This means that we're having to scurry to try to get equipment for all three of them.
They can't really get started.
And as you know, those answering machines are so, the answering machines allow you to record
the interviews are so expensive that each one runs almost $100.
So we're hoping to be able to have that one back and only have to buy one other one because we had one that I'd gotten back from Khalees a while back.
So everything except the interview schedules should come to me.
And the interview schedules, if you could possibly put them in a box and somehow, in addition to the usual label, if you could label somehow on the box
what numbers they were.
I don't mean each number, but from like R001 to R0125 so that they would know at Cornell.
And then it should go to Carl at Cornell, and I'm going to tell Bonnie that you're going to be sending it.
There's no real rush on that.
As long as they have them within a couple of weeks, I think that that's probably fine.
Now, actually, before,
Before you send them off, I should just double-check with Shirley on that because I'm thinking about there could be one slight complication.
So there's no rush on sending those, and I want to double-check with Shirley as to whether we need them to go to Cornell or whether we should have them come here, but I'm pretty sure we want them to go to Cornell.
But everything except the interview schedules we should have here whenever you have a chance.
And probably the thing that we are most concerned with is the answering machine because of the cost involved in buying yet another one.
But I think Shirley has most of your records, and so even though it will be good to have those, I don't think there's as much of a rush on those.
It has just been so wonderful having you on the project.
I can't tell you how sorry we are to lose you.
It's just been wonderful, and I certainly want to talk to you about this in person, too, but I just wanted to express that even now because...
I just don't see how we could have done either project without you.
And Carl and I, and Shirley, will really miss you terribly on this.
And I know that there are a lot of respondents who are also going to, you wouldn't believe how many times when we said, what did you like best about the project?
And, you know, I read that they say, well, the best thing is talking to you.
So I think everyone is really going to miss you, but I understand very, very well why you're doing this.
So anyway, I will be talking to you soon, but I just was hoping I could catch you this morning and let you know that, yes, you don't have to worry about calling anybody else and give you a sense as to how you might want to start dealing with the materials.
So I will, I'm sure, talk to you soon.
Take care.
Bye-bye, Connie.
Monday, 1154 p.m.,
Hi, this is Bonnie Albright calling from Cornell, and I have a match for someone that, a caregiver that you're case managing for right now.
Catherine Huller, Ms.
Huller, has a match, and the person, the volunteer is willing to take her.
I told her where the address is, and I didn't tell her the name, but she knows she'd be willing to be matched with the person in that area.
So if you could call Catherine and see if she's still willing and then give me the go ahead, then I'll have the volunteer caller after that.
Okay.
My number is 607-255-8086.
Thanks a bunch.
Bye-bye.
Tuesday, 4, 13 a.m.